Code for the behavioral data and fMRI data of the Stop Signal Task.

The SST in this study was similar to the one used by Rao and colleagues (2014). There were two MRI runs, each consisted of 96 Go (75%) and 32 Stop (25%) trials. All trials started with a central fixation cross (500 ms), which was followed by the Go stimuli (a left or right arrow). For the Go trials, the participants were instructed to respond as fast as possible by pressing a left or right key using the index and middle fingers of the right hand. For the Stop trials, a pure tone (900 Hz; duration, 500 ms) – the stop signal – was presented after the Go stimulus. The time interval between the Go and the Stop stimuli is the stop signal duration (SSD). Participants were asked to withhold responding when being presented with the stop signal. There were four SSD staircases (starting with 100, 150, 200, and 250 ms) to ensure that the probability of correct inhibition was approximately 50% on trials at the end of the experiment. During the course of the experiment, the SSD changed according to the performance of participants. If the participant inhibited successfully, then the SSD would be increased by 50ms, making it more difficult to inhibit, as the tone was presented closer to participant’ reaction time. On the other hand, unsuccessful inhibition would result in SSD being decreased by 50ms on the next Stop trial, making it easier to inhibit. The number of left and right arrows was equal, and the task conditions were presented in a pseudorandom order.
